we have here and it is that the bun
has spoken
[Music]
things on the front
it seems that for some reason
Antonio David and his team have decided to
hide the followers on YouTube okay
for some reason
for some reason that I don't know I don't know if it
's so that
the drop is not visible because he had recovered with the
last live he had recovered
the followers
but it is true that he
had recovered them but for some
reason
and decided to hide the number of
followers I do
n't know if it's so that the brands in case they
see some possibility of getting
a collaboration or something like that do
n't see that he
is plummeting that he is not doing well that
sometimes he loses it other times he
gains it I don't know if it's so that they don't
criticize him in the media but Antonio
David has hidden
the YouTube subscribers you
can see it in the analytics no no you are
referring to the social Blake okay
here that not
here even if you put 120 you will always
put 120 okay until the day you
return them in public you will always
get 120
always okay in family the reason I don't
know the reason  I
don't know the truth about who hid them
[Music]